ItemID	Stem	Option1	Option2	Option3	Key	note
Cluing_example_1.1	Which Europeans were the first to establish a colony in the area that is now New York State?	French	Spanish	English	Dutch	Cluing example 1.1
Cluing_example_1.2	New Amsterdam was the capital of a Dutch settlement in the area that is now: 	Washington, D.C.	Boston	Richmond	New York City	Cluing example 1.2
Cluing_example_2.1	Which snowmobile manufacturer is based in Thief River Falls, Minnesota?	Polaris	Ski-doo	Yamaha	Arctic Cat	Cluing example 2.1
Cluing_example_2.2	Arctic Cat, located in Thief River Falls, Minnesota, manufactures:	heated cat houses.	ice cream.	winter camping gear.	snowmobiles.	Cluing example 2.2
Cluing_example_3.1	Which of the following is Kant's most important contribution to moral philosophy?	The hedonic calculus	The theory of virtues	The doctrine of the mean	The categorical imperative	Cluing example 3.1
Cluing_example_3.2	Kant's categorical imperative is most accurately paraphrased by which of the following statements?	Maximize good and minimize evil.	Maximize your own happiness.	Act consistently with the form of the good.	Act consistently with the law of the kingdom of ends.	Cluing example 3.2
Content_overlap_1.1	The main threat to the Amazon rainforest is:	precipitation.	pollution.	capitalism	deforestation.	Content overlap 1.1
Content_overlap_1.2	The homes of many birds of the Amazon rainforest are destroyed by the:	flooding of the Amazon River.	invasion of parasites.		destruction of trees.	Content overlap 1.2
Content_overlap_2.1	A small band of Dakota Indians were rousted by the neighboring Ojibwe after secretly occupying an encampment along the shore of what northwestern Minnesota river?	Red Lake River	Clearwater River	Red River of the North	Thief River	Content overlap 2.1
Content_overlap_2.2	The northern Minnesota river known as Thief River derives its name from:	the deaths of several settlers in the flood of 1854.	traveling bandits who stole livestock and hid out in caves along its shores.	an incorrect translation of the French phrase “rivière de la Paix,” meaning “peace river.”	the Ojibwe phrase “Gimood-akiwi ziibi,” meaning “thieving land river.”	Content overlap 2.2
Template_pair_1.1	Which of the following cities is the capital of Paraguay?	Sucre	Buenos Aires	Brasilia	Asunción	Template pair 1.1
Template_pair_1.2	Which of the following cities is the capital of California?	San Francisco	Los Angeles	San Jose	Sacramento	Template pair 1.2
Template_pair_2.1	All rabbits have floppy ears.  Spike is a rabbit.  Therefore, Spike has floppy ears. Which of the following arguments exhibits a logical structure most parallel to the logical structure of the argument above?	All ducks have feathers.  Buster does not have feathers.  Therefore, Buster is not a duck.	All ducks have feathers.  Buster is not a duck.  Therefore, Buster does not have feathers	All ducks have feathers.  Buster has feathers.  Therefore, Buster is a duck.	All ducks have feathers.  Buster is a duck.  Therefore, Buster has feathers.	Template pair 2.1
Template_pair_2.2	All butterflies are colorful.  Pinky is a butterfly.  Therefore, Pinky is colorful. Which of the following arguments exhibits a logical structure most parallel to the logical structure of the argument above?	All hamsters are noisy.  Zippy is not noisy.  Therefore, Zippy is not a hamster.	All hamsters are noisy.  Zippy is not a hamster.  Therefore, Zippy is not noisy.	All hamsters are noisy.  Zippy is noisy.  Therefore, Zippy is a hamster.	All hamsters are noisy.  Zippy is a hamster.  Therefore, Zippy is noisy.	Template pair 2.2